# Westlaw-Queries-Project

### $ python3 index.py [folder-of-documents] [folder-of-indexes]
where [folder-of-documents] is the path to the directory for the collection of documents to be indexed and [folder-of-indexes] is the path to the directory containing the index file(s) be created. All the files in [folder-of-documents] should be opened as read-only, as you may not have the write permission for these files. If [folder-of-indexes] does not exist, create a new directory as specified. You may create multiple index files although too many index files may slow down your performance. The total size of all your index files generated shall not exceed 20MB (which should be plenty for this project).

After the indexing is completed, it will output the total number of documents, the total number of tokens (after any preprocessing and filtering) to be indexed, and the total number of terms to be indexed. The following example illustrates the required input and output formats:
$ python3 index.py ~/Desktop/MyDataFolder ./MyTestIndex Total number of documents: 672
Total number of tokens: 638321
Total number of terms: 13297
Note: the output of index.py ends with one newline ('\n') character.
Searching
### $ python3 search.py [folder-of-indexes]
where [folder-of-indexes] is the path to the directory containing the index file(s) that are generated by the indexer. After the above command is executed, it will accept a search query from the standard input and output the result to the standard output as a sequence of document names (the same as their document IDs) one per line and sorted in an ascending order by their numeric values (e.g., 72 will be output before 125). It will then continue to accept the search queries from the standard input and output the results to the standard output until the end (i.e., a Ctrl-D). The following example illustrates the required input and output formats:
$ python3 search.py ~/Proj/MyTestIndex company inc & revenue
9
17
33
185
share +5 investor & US 3
67
271
365
499
625
$
